---
layout: post
title: Deloitte Italy joins AssoB.it association and strengthens its blockchain practice
img: /img/deloitte_assobit3.png
bgimg: /img/post-bg.jpg
membro: L'associazione AssoB.it e Deloitte
ruolo:
---
[//]: # "Scrivere qui  sotto un summary del post"
Milan, April 2016 – Deloitte strengthens its leading position at the
forefront of FinTech innovation by joining AssoB.it, the Italian association
for fostering blockchain knowledge and adoption.
<!-- more -->


## Deloitte and AssoB.it leading blockchain innovation in Italy

“This strategic choice aims to support our clients to better understand
this technology. The adoption of blockchain could bring more efficiency,
security and open up to new possibilities, but, at the same time, it
challenges existing business models” says **Paolo Gianturco, FinTech
leader of Deloitte Consulting Italy**. “The FinTech practice is a key
element of Deloitte Consulting offering:  for this reason we make the
decision to join AssoB.it where the most advanced businesses and experts
in the blockchain space work together at the forefront of technological
innovation.

Deloitte Consulting Italy has been working with financial institutions
on blockchain and cryptocurrency projects for some time already, now
it has launched an internal course to train its professional and
create new competences in this area.

“Assob.it is proud of having Deloitte has new member, this company has
proven for long time a proactive and passionate interest in the
blockchain technology. With this new entry, AssoB.it improves its
role as blockchain evangelist at institutional and corporate levels”
says **Assob.it President Gabriele Domenichini**.

AssoB.IT (www.assob.it)

No profit Italian association that brings together companies and prominent
experts in blockchain technologies aiming to spread blockchain technology
awareness among people, companies, regulators and public institutions.
Its activities mainly consist in organizing educational events and materials
addressing technological innovation, regulation and opportunities and points
of attention in the blockchain field. Assob.it offers support in legal and
business areas for payment systems, smart contracts, decentralization and
investments in digital assets, privacy and IT security. It encourages
relationships between stakeholders and institutions and regulators
throughout its network.
